Go now
Just caught Zheng Chao
I really didn't expect Secretary Wang to be such a person
It's between people, not hearts
Are you really white-eyed?
Come on, the development plan was stolen right away
Why are you still so calm?
Do you think I would put the real plan
Put it in here?
It's all in my brain
This plan is what I want the Xu family to see
want
Economy
Xu family
If you follow this plan
I can guarantee it.
They will never recover
They will die miserably
What's going on?
Why did he come back again?
Do you think this is a reversal?
Or did he read the plan?
He didn't open it.
What do you think?
This move surprised me a bit
Don't make a sound
Let's talk about it at work tomorrow